# Agilent-Instruments-Usage-Summary
A GUI generator for the app of instruments usage summary. Limited to Agilent facilities, e.g., HPLC and GC, with logbook downloadable as a pdf file.
## Introduction
As an analytical chemist working in contract research organization (CRO), I used analytical facilities such as spectroscopy and chromatography daily to test the intermediate/API of small molecule drugs to meet the clinet's requirements. High performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) show the relative polarity, separate the desired compound from the crude, and separate enantiomers on chiral columns. To ensure the best performance of these LC/GC, such as method development and GMP release test, we need to focus not only on the daily use but also the annual maintainance, especially the life of UV lamp. However, chemstation does not provide such function directly.
## Solution
My observation is that the time of warm up and cool down of lamp is fixed. Once we are sure that the UV lamp is always auto shut down after the sequence, we can just focus on the time of sequences. Luckily, the logbook of Agilent instruments shows the starting time and ending time, which is the time of uploading to ECM, of each sequence. The goal is to develop an app that can summarize the usage time given the time interval. In this GUI generator, the code first read in the logbook pdf, then find all the sequence starting and ending time by the key word "started" and "acquisition", respectively, using Regex and then sum up those differences. A GUI is generated by the end to facilitate the use. The result is shown in hours and researchers add the pro-warm and post-cool time to get the whole usage of UV lamp.
## Code
Run the LC_time_GUI.py to get the GUI then enter the absolute path of the logbook and the starting and ending time that meet the format requirement indicated on the app.
